:memo: PHP rework (re-start) (#2669)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/languages/php/xdebug.md

[Xdebug](https://xdebug.org/) is a real-time debugger extension for PHP.
While usually used for local development, it can also be helpful for debugging aberrant behavior on the server.
It's available on Platform.sh Grid instances running PHP 7.2 and higher.

As configured on Platform.sh, it avoids any runtime overhead for non-debug requests, even in production, and only allows connections via SSH tunnels to avoid any security issues.

Note Xdebug runs only on your app containers.
So you can't use it for [worker containers](../../create-apps/workers.md).

## Before you begin

You need to have:

- PHP 7.2+ on your project
- The Platform.sh [CLI](../../administration/cli/_index.md)
- A Xdebug-compatible IDE installed on your machine

>     For setup instructions, consult your IDE's Xdebug documentation.
>   Optionally, you can use [PHPStorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/phpstorm/), for which detailed instructions are provided.

Reviewer: :clipboard: 
```suggestion
  For setup instructions, consult your IDE's Xdebug documentation.
  Optionally, you can use [PHPStorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/phpstorm/), for which detailed instructions are provided.
```

Reviewer: :hammer_and_wrench: I don't think we need to document third-party tools. Especially as I bet the screenshots are rather out of date and potentially more confusing than helpful. I wouldn't get into any of that here.
```suggestion
  For setup instructions, consult your IDE's Xdebug documentation, such as that for [PHPStorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/phpstorm/configuring-xdebug.html).
```

Or really, could just link to examples in step 3.

### Install an Xdebug helper

While Xdebug can be triggered from the browser by adding a special query parameter, the preferred way is to use a browser plugin helper.
Helpers are available for [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/xdebug-helper-for-firefox/)
and [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/xdebug-helper/eadndfjplgieldjbigjakmdgkmoaaaoc).
Their respective plugin pages document how to trigger them when needed.

> ## 3. Optional: Use PHPStorm

Reviewer: :hammer_and_wrench: 
```suggestion
## 3. Configure your IDE

Follow the instructions for your IDE, such as those for [PHPStorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/phpstorm/configuring-xdebug.html.
```

And then delete the rest of this step and its confusing numbers within numbers. Only keep anything Platform.sh-specific.
